Interest is interesting does not specify zero (#2201)
exercism/go: exercises/concept/interest-is-interesting/.docs/instructions.md

The interest rate your bank gives you depends on the amount of money in your account (its balance):

- 3.213% for a negative balance (balance gets more negative).

> - 0.5% for a non negative balance less than `1000` dollars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 0.5% for a positive balance greater or equal to 0 and less than `1000` dollars.
```

I actually like your second suggestion better so I applied it here.

Saying "non negative" for me doesn't fully solve the issue because while technically correct, it's still not explicit about 0.

Author: Good idea! The more explicit, the better. :+1:

> - 0.5% for a positive balance greater or equal to 0 and less than `1000` dollars.

Reviewer 2: @andrerfcsantos You suggested the sentence above but wouldn't this be more accurate?
```suggestion
- 0.5% for a balance greater or equal to 0 and less than `1000` dollars.
```

Author: Well, I guess this is more accurante mathematically speaking and is also explicit about the number 0.

But now I realized that the other lines say:

```
- 1.621% for a positive balance greater or equal than `1000` dollars and less than `5000` dollars.
- 2.475% for a positive balance greater or equal than `5000` dollars.
```

Is the correct way **greater or equal to** or **greater or equal than**? English is not my first language, but I think it is the first one. Anyways, I think we should write all the sentences in the same way.

And maybe the correct way of saying this in english is **greater than or equal to**.

What do you guys think?

Reviewer 2: @ee7 Thanks for the help! @lucassperez Would be great if you could apply the fixes as suggested by @ee7.

(@lucassperez As background info, I asked in our Slack channel for a native speaker to help us out and @ee7 stepped up, Andre and me are both not native speakers as well.)

Author: Applied the suggestions. Thanks for all the suggestions, everyone!
